hello I am Master Chief welcome to
master chief sucks at family episode 15
remember to not send fan mail if you do
I have a Barbie doll house and I'm not
afraid to use it today's questions come
from a ron miller skate he asked Master
Chief how much money do you have I don't
like talking about money it is not
proper lollollollollol just kidding I
have enough money to buy you buy a
rocket ship and blast you do some weird
planet like Wisconsin Master Chief do
you like the iPhone it's not bad but
seriously why is everything called I
ipod iphone what's next the I jack off
machine the I funk the I think Bill
Gates is a dick Master Chief why do you
date Sam so much the truth is I actually
love spam he is the best thing that ever
happened to me hey Dad I had to borrow
some money to buy Madonna DVD how much
money did you borrow three hundred
dollars I made you such you fucking
asshole go to your room before I shut up
DVD up your ass Master Chief do you have
a routine for the morning yes i do first
I wake up and kick them in the balls
next I go to the bathroom and then I 60
pounds of bacon next I put on my suit
and disco dance to shitty electro songs
finally I look at some magazines chief
what the fuck is this bullshit